up up uh-oh I fell off uh-oh no no no no
no stop stop no
no hello and welcome back to learn
English with Minecraft my name is Kenzo
and this is English from the ground up
and in this video I'm going to finish
building the Villager breeder that I
started in the last
episode so I made it back here to my
basee I sailed all the way back here and
I brought a villager with me
right right
there well that was a
[Music]
villager but not anymore I left my
villager over there in the boat and it
must have gotten attacked by zombies so
the first thing that I need to do is go
back to the village and bring back two
villagers for my villager breeder I want
to try
something so you can only have one
villager per
boat but if I place two boats can I
connect them with a lead let's see
lead so I'm going to get in one
boat now can I connect to this
boat
come
on
no okay I don't think it works all right
I'll have to take them one at a time
look at this I cleared a path along this
river that goes all the way to the
Village so this River connects my base
and the village pretty soon we're going
to run into a tunnel aha here it is
all right look at this so in order to
transport the villagers back to my base
I had to dig this tunnel that goes
through the mountain
here all right let's sail through it and
now the village is just up
there Village all right time to find
some more villagers to bring back
there's a villager come here villager
all right I'm going to place the boat At
His
Feet wait go outside go outside outside
go all right now I'll place the boat at
his
feet Boat Boat I can't place the boat oh
no come on
Villager come on it worked okay come on
there we go we're in the
water all right now I just need to sail
back home we're approaching the
tunnel here we go we're sailing through
the
tunnel this is a pretty long
journey it takes
maybe 6 minutes to sail back and forth
between my base and the village we're
back this time I'm going to leave the
Villager right here at the
dock at the dock and I'm going to
quickly go to sleep so no monsters
attack my villager down
there sleep
sleep all right it's
morning hopefully my villager is still
alive let's see yes my villager is still
a human and not a zombie I'm going to
pick up my mine cart and the
rails and I'll bring those with me now
let's transport the Villager to the
Villager breeder that I've been building
so now I'm going to build a little track
that leads up there to the Villager
breeder uh using these rails I should
have brought more than 28
rails
okay come on come
on oh it's going to be close I'm going
to need more rails yep so
close oh well oh it started to rain
rails oh wow I have tons of rails and
let's connect these rails
there we
go the railway is
complete now I'm going to place down
this mine cart down here by the
Villager now I'm going to break this
boat and try to push the Villager into
the
minecart get in the mine cart in the
mine no no no no no no no okay get back
in the boat
oh this villager was trying to escape
let's get back over to the mine cart
back to the mine cart come on okay I'll
get out of the
boat let's try this
again break the boat in the mine cart
the mine cart into the Mine Cart mine
cart go
go it's not getting in the mine cart
there we go oh I did it no no no oh come
on come on push push push push
okay now I need to push the Villager up
the hill I'm pushing the Villager up the
hill all right we're doing it we're
doing it we're so close now this is the
final
part all right let's go up up up uhoh I
fell off uhoh no no no no no stop stop
no
get in the boat get in the boat in the
boat in the
boat okay I'll place the mine cart back
down on the
track all right I picked up some dirt
let's get right next to the mine cart
now I'll get
out okay break the boat push the
Villager push the Villager into the mine
cart come on come
on
villager
oops sorry can I use the lead on a
villager I can't come on come on come on
come
on oh this is not good this is not good
the Villager Ran So Far Away I'm sailing
on land all right I'm going to get out
of the
boat let's go get my mine
cart I'm going to Place some dirt right
here that way if the mine cart rolls
down this way it'll be blocked by this
dirt destroy get in the mine cart what
no come back come back come on we're so
close to my mine cart go go go go go no
no where are you
going I'm going to destroy the boat and
push the minecart into the
Villager
okay we did it we did
it uhoh uhoh uhoh oh that was bad oh oh
no oh
no
carefully I'm going to carefully push
the Villager up this
staircase okay
I did it now I just have to break the
mine
cart oh we did it we got one villager
inside the Villager
breeder okay now I just need one more
villager okay and once again it's
morning and the rain has stopped time to
go get one more villager and we're back
at the Village all right come on
Farmer let's
go we're almost to the water almost and
there we go all right
whoa my villager just changed back
through the tunnel listen to the sound
of the
paddling I think that the sound of
paddling is really relaxing here we go
I'm going to leave the boat here and
I'll place my Mine
[Music]
Cart mine cart okay come
on get in the mine cart get in the mine
cart there we go okay we're good we're
good we did it up up let's go all right
we did it we did it break the mine
cart awesome let's go back to the
tutorial and see what the next step
is ooh okay I need to open the trap
door and then destroy all the
glass and the trapo I need to open the
trap door here
um
open this villager didn't fall while I
wait for this villager to fall down I'll
destroy this
Railway I no longer need this Railway
and I no longer need this dirt here okay
the Villager still hasn't fallen I
brought a fishing pull here I'm going to
try to pull him so that he falls down
into the machine pull
it worked it worked oh
few I'll Place some torches around
torches torches all right so now I have
to destroy all of this
destroy I wish I didn't build this out
of
glass because I can't pick it back up
destroy and I also need need to destroy
this uh
trapo and I'll destroy my staircase it's
night I'm going to go to bed and then
I'm going to look at the next step of
the tutorial all right morning well
let's go back to the
tutorial okay so I need to dig the
blocks underneath the Villager breeder
so I need to dig right here okay well
that looks right
place a slab
[Music]
there okay so I need to place a slab
there more slabs here and then dig right
here slab
here more slabs here but a little bit
lower and I need to dig these
blocks a
dispenser okay so he built a
dispenser to put the mine carts in how
do you build a
dispenser let's see
dispenser I need Cobblestone red stone
and a bow okay I think I have a bow up
here this bow is almost broken but I
think it'll work I'll take the bow
Cobblestone red stone I'm probably going
to need a button as well okay
Cobblestone is it raining again more
rain wow a
dispenser it works and I think I'm also
going to need a button so I'll build a
button can I
sleep can I sleep no I guess I'm going
to be building in the rain all right
we're back here I'll dig this dirt block
and I'll place the dispenser there
dispenser and now I'll put my mine cart
inside the
dispenser
oh these are powered
rails do I have powered rails I do five
powered rails powered
rails and now I'll Place Normal rails
here cool look the powered rails connect
to the normal rails even though are
going through this slab the slab allows
the rails to connect I think the
Villager breeder is almost
finished I'm going to go to sleep and
it's
morning all right today I'm going to
finish building the Villager
breeder okay I need to place the button
on this block and then I just cover it
up with
dirt is that it
uhoh
uh-oh
whoa while I was watching the tutorial a
creeper exploded right
here that was really close to my
villager
breeder okay I covered up the
hole so now now I just need to cover
this up like
this um and I need to place the button
on this
block
dirt there we
go all right I think it's finished I'm
going to walk away from my villager
breeder before I pause the game this
time okay so I need need to throw them
carrots the villagers
[Music]
breed okay and then we use a mine cart
to get them out all right well let's try
using this villager breeder I'll throw
them some of my carrots
carrots oh it's working I saw the
hearts hearts it's
working let's go down
there aha a
baby it's working okay I'm going to
place torches all around because I don't
want creepers exploding this villager
breeder all right awesome I successfully
built a villager breeder and before I
end this video there's one other thing
that I want to show you it's this way we
have to walk up the hill up the hill Oh
a traveling
Traer what what does he want to
trade
um nothing that I
want this Trader wants five emeralds for
a jungle
[Music]
sapling you're crazy look at
this this is going to be a creeper
Farm but it's not finished yet when it's
finished creepers will spawn here and
they'll walk around
and eventually fall down here into the
water and the water will push them into
the fire down there and then somewhere
around here I made a staircase that goes
down there aha here it is my staircase
so when the creepers die from burning in
the fire the gunpowder they drop will be
left in these chests but this Farm isn't
finished yet no if you liked this video
you could leave me a like or hit the
Subscribe button and if you want to help
support this channel you could make a
donation on my coffee page I'll leave a
link down in the description thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video see
you tight space it's my escape
room be saturate no